On Saturday, March 14th, 2015, the 138th class of the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead graduated.
The audience anticipated a spiritually uplifting program.
The day began with the first of four brand new Kingdom songs entitled,
Preaching to All Sorts of People.
Preaching everywhere all sorts of people.
Jeffrey Jackson of the governing body opened the program by speaking of what the soon-to-be gilead graduates are expected to do with the things they have learned.
So with that in mind, for you to be able to entrust to others what you've learned,
it requires that you have the correct viewpoint with regard to privileges.
Treasure privileges, but not hoard them.
You see, Jehovah's Arrangement is for us to train others.
And as we train them, they become qualified.
And perhaps then they can train others.
We should never, ever, ever hoard those privileges.
In his talk entitled,
Will you be frightened by the sound of a leaf?
Kenneth Flo Dean, a helper for the Teaching Committee, drew upon an incident from ancient Israel.
What a ludicrous word picture.
Running scared from a dried-up leaf.
Well, when new students get to your assignments, no matter what challenges you face,
will you be intimidated?
Will you be frightful?
Face them.
With Jehovah's help, just you them as a mere shriveled-up leaf.
Mark Sanderson of the governing body, then ask the students.
What are you looking for?
This is a very important question.
Because what you're looking for will greatly affect what you will find.
Look to be the humble servant of your brothers and sisters.
And do the very best you can to accomplish the will of Jehovah.
And then you will never be disappointed with what you find.
James Cauthen of the Theocratic Schools Department, developed the theme,
Will you feed the hungry?
He said that there's more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than there is for bread.
Seek once all of God's people to feel unworthy and unloved.
Do not let that happen to your brothers. Feed the hungry.
Use what you've learned in the last five months to counteract the schemes of the devil.
Another Gilead instructor, Mark Numer, used the Apostle Paul's example of self-sacrificing service to others.
In his talk, good to the last draw.
Do that his example of himself pouring himself out, not only honored Jehovah God,
but it strengthened others and encouraged others so that they too could re-evaluate their motives for serving God.
Like Paul, your willingness to pour yourselves out on behalf of the kingdom,
behalf of the interests of Jehovah God, shows that your desire to please Jehovah in Christ is what defines you.
The audience was eager for the opportunity to sing a second new song entitled The Life of a Pioneer.
The next portion of the program, using the language of the heart, being alert,
featured the student's recent experiences in the field ministry.
I have a message from God for you.
Have you pleased head of a government soon to come?
Don't you think that this time might be now?
William Turner, a helper to the service committee of the governing body,
directed four students of the graduating class in discussing how they can keep contributing to the good news.
Whenever I am in peace with Jehovah, I will also be in peace with my brothers and sisters.
It's made me resolve to base my joy in future, not just on my work assignment or other circumstances that might change,
but really from just dwelling on how Jehovah feels, how he's pleased if I just do what he asks of me.
Gilead is stressed in me that I should never let the devil weaken my love for my brothers and sisters
and slow down the preaching of the good news.
After singing the third new song, searching for friends of peace,
Samuel Hurt of the governing body gave the keynote talk of the day entitled,
Keep Your Eyes on Jehovah.
But the question still lingers, how does mankind see Jehovah if not with the little eye?
What is with the eyes of the heart?
But today we must keep our eyes fixed on Jehovah to observe what he wants to be done and accomplishing his will.
We rivet our eyes on Jehovah that way.
In the days ahead we may be surrounded by our enemies and we don't know what to do.
Whether go to the left or to the right, straight ahead, back up, then turn your eyes heaven.
Turn your eyes to Jehovah. Look up, he is not hiding.
He will let himself be found by you.
Now is the opportunity to introduce to you the 138th Class of Gilead.
Following the distribution of the diplomas, a class representative read a letter of appreciation
addressed to the governing body and the Bethel family.
You have cared for all our needs and have done so much to assist us in practical ways.
After a few parting thoughts to the graduates, the day concluded as it began.
With a brand new kingdom song entitled, Teach them to stand firm, reflecting a main point of the day.
Yes, be sure to entrust to faithful persons the beautiful things that you've learned here at Gilead.